Update 103-figlet.md (#2392)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/106-nodejs-command-line-apps/101-printing-output/103-figlet.md

> # Figlet
> This package aims to fully implement the FIGfont spec in JavaScript, which represents the graphical arrangement of characters representing larger characters. It works in the browser and with Node.js.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Github repository' href='https://github.com/patorjk/figlet.js'>patorjk/figlet.js</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Figlet

This package aims to fully implement the FIGfont spec in JavaScript, which represents the graphical arrangement of characters representing larger characters. It works in the browser and with Node.js.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official GitHub Repository' href='https://github.com/patorjk/figlet.js'>GitHub Repository</BadgeLink>
```
